This software module was originally developed by Raphaël Grosbois and
Diego Santa Cruz (Swiss Federal Institute of Technology-EPFL); Joel
Askelöf (Ericsson Radio Systems AB); and Bertrand Berthelot, David
Bouchard, Félix Henry, Gerard Mozelle and Patrice Onno (Canon Research
Centre France S.A) in the course of development of the JPEG2000
standard as specified by ISO/IEC 15444 (JPEG 2000 Standard). This
software module is an implementation of a part of the JPEG 2000
Standard. Swiss Federal Institute of Technology-EPFL, Ericsson Radio
Systems AB and Canon Research Centre France S.A (collectively JJ2000
Partners) agree not to assert against ISO/IEC and users of the JPEG
2000 Standard (Users) any of their rights under the copyright, not
including other intellectual property rights, for this software module
with respect to the usage by ISO/IEC and Users of this software module
or modifications thereof for use in hardware or software products
claiming conformance to the JPEG 2000 Standard. Those intending to use
this software module in hardware or software products are advised that
their use may infringe existing patents. The original developers of
this software module, JJ2000 Partners and ISO/IEC assume no liability
for use of this software module or modifications thereof. No license
or right to this software module is granted for non JPEG 2000 Standard
conforming products. JJ2000 Partners have full right to use this
software module for his/her own purpose, assign or donate this
software module to any third party and to inhibit third parties from
using this software module for non JPEG 2000 Standard conforming
products. This copyright notice must be included in all copies or
derivative works of this software module.

Copyright (c) 1999/2000 JJ2000 Partners.
